[IMP] accounting: Bank Synchronization: automatic import (#2866)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/bank/feeds/bank_synchronization.rst

- https://production.odoofin.com/

First synchronization
---------------------

You can start synchronization either by going to :menuselection:`Configuration
--> Add a Bank Account` or via the bank journal's configuration on the dashboard.

Now you can search for your bank institution. Select it and follow the steps to synchronize with it.

.. note::
   If you have any issues during your first synchronization, please verify that your
   web browser doesn't block pop-ups and that your ad-blocker is disabled.

> .. important::
>    When choosing the date for the first bank statements synchronization, pick the actual date where
>    you start working on your Odoo accounting database. For example, if you import your closing
>    balance in Odoo on the 31.12.2022 and you start recording accounting transactions on the
>    01.01.2023, your synchronization date should be 01.01.2023.

Reviewer: I'd rephrase this a bit:
```suggestion
.. important::
   When choosing the date for the first bank statement synchronization, pick the date of when you
   start working on your Odoo accounting database. For example, if you import your closing balance 
   in Odoo on 31.12.2022, but start recording accounting transactions on 01.01.2023, your
   synchronization date should be 01.01.2023.

```
The most important parts in this suggestion are:
- no "the" before the dates
- ",but start" -> I think it makes more sense that way

> 

Reviewer: This line should go :)

> During your first synchronization, you will be asked for a phone number to secure your account.
> The reason we ask for such information is that we don't want your data falling into the wrong
> hands. Therefore, if we detect suspicious activity on your account, we block all requests coming
> from your account, and you need to reactivate it using that phone number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must provide a phone number during your first synchronization to secure your account. We ask for
such information because we don't want your data falling into the wrong hands. Therefore, if we
detect suspicious activities on your account, we block all requests coming from your account, and 
you need to reactivate it using that phone number.
```

> The third-party provider may request more information in order to connect with your
> bank institution.

Reviewer: I just added one line above to create another § :)
```suggestion

The third-party provider may request more information in order to connect with your
bank institution.
```

> This information is not stored on Odoo's servers.

Reviewer: I'd put this as a note

```suggestion

.. note::
   This information is not stored on Odoo's servers.
```

- https://production.odoofin.com/

First synchronization
---------------------

You can start synchronization either by going to the Accounting app and
:menuselection:`Configuration --> Add a Bank Account` or via the bank journal's configuration on the
dashboard.

Now you can search for your bank institution. Select it and follow the steps to synchronize with it.

.. note::
   If you have any issues during your first synchronization, please verify that your
   web browser doesn't block pop-ups and that your ad-blocker is disabled.

.. important::

>    When choosing the date for the first bank statement synchronization, pick the date of when you
>    start working on your Odoo accounting database. For example, if you import your closing
>    balance in Odoo on the 31.12.2022 and you start recording accounting transactions on the
>    01.01.2023, your synchronization date should be 01.01.2023.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   When choosing the date for the first bank statement synchronization, pick the date when you
   start working on your Odoo accounting database. For example, if you import your closing
   balance in Odoo on 31/12/2022 and you start recording accounting transactions on the
   01/01/2023, your synchronization date should be 01/01/2023.
```

- I would use the date format of Odoo with `/` instead of `.` as separators
- I would clarify: _pick the date when you start working on your Odoo accounting database_. You could say, _'pick the date when you start recording accounting transactions on your Odoo database'_.

You must provide a phone number during your first synchronization to secure your account. We ask for
such information because we don't want your data falling into the wrong hands. Therefore, if we
detect suspicious activities on your account, we block all requests coming from your account, and
you need to reactivate it using that phone number.

The third-party provider may request more information in order to connect with your
bank institution.
This information is not stored on Odoo's servers.

By default, transactions fetched from an online source are grouped inside the same statement, and
one bank statement is created per month. You can change the bank statement creation periodicity
in your journal settings.

> You can find all your synchronizations by going to :menuselection:`Configuration -->
> Online Synchronization`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find all your synchronizations by going to :menuselection:`Accounting Dashboard --> Configuration -->
Accounting: Online Synchronization`.
```
We usually keep the full path as people might not check the previous sections and jump straight to that info.
Also, I added the sub-menu, but feel free to remove it if you don't like it ;)

Synchronize manually
--------------------

After your first synchronization, the created journals are synchronized by default every 12 hours.
If you wish, you can synchronize manually by clicking on the :guilabel:`Synchronize Now` button on
the dashboard.

> Or you can go to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Online Synchronization`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or you can go to :menuselection:`Accounting Dashboard --> Configuration --> Accounting: Online Synchronization`,
```

------------------------

To report a connection error to the `Odoo support <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_, go to
:menuselection:`Configuration --> Online Synchronization`, select the connection
that failed, and copy the error description and the reference.

Synchronization disconnected
----------------------------

If your connection with the proxy is disconnected, you can reconnect with the proxy using the

> :guilabel: `fetch account` button.

Reviewer: There's a space here that breaks guilabel
```suggestion
:guilabel:`fetch account` button.
```

------------------------

To report a connection error to the `Odoo support <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_, go to

> :menuselection:`Configuration --> Online Synchronization`, select the connection

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Accounting Dashboard --> Configuration --> Accounting: Online Synchronization`, select the connection
```

that failed, and copy the error description and the reference.

Synchronization disconnected
----------------------------

If your connection with the proxy is disconnected, you can reconnect with the proxy using the

> :guilabel:`fetch account` button.

Reviewer 2: Try to be consistent: 'fetch account' or 'Fetch Account' button, not both :) I also have seen 'Fetch Account**s**'

use the new functionalities.

To do so, go to :menuselection:`Apps --> Update Apps List`, remove the default filter in the search

> bar and type: **account_online_synchronization**. You can then click on the :guilable:`Install`

Reviewer: Usually, text to type is between ` and typo in guilabel
```suggestion
bar and type `account_online_synchronization`. You can then click on the :guilabel:`Install`
```

button to install the new module.

> .. image:: bank_synchronization/online-sync-module.png

Reviewer: the image is broken, if you've deleted it, then the lines should be removed (also, there's no image with that name in the bank_sync folder, only `online-sync-sync-now-dashboard.png`
So I'd suggest:
```suggestion
.. image:: bank_synchronization/online-sync-sync-now-dashboard.png
```

Reviewer: after building the doc page, that image might actually not suit the § x)

use the new functionalities.

To do so, go to :menuselection:`Apps --> Update Apps List`, remove the default filter in the search

> bar and type `account_online_synchronization`. You can then click on the :guilabel:`Install`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
bar and type `account_online_synchronization`. You can then click on :guilabel:`Install`.
```

Finally, make sure all your users refresh their Odoo page by pressing CTRL+F5.

.. Note::

   - All previous synchronizations are disconnected during the installation and won't work anymore.
   - You can find them directly in the synchronization menu

>      (:menuselection:`Configuration --> Online Synchronization`). It is not possible to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     (:menuselection:`Accounting Dashboard --> Configuration --> Accounting: Online Synchronization`). It is not possible to
```

     resynchronize these connections; you have to make new ones.

>    - Please do not uninstall **account_online_sync** which is the previous module for online

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Please do not uninstall **account_online_sync**, which is the previous module for online
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Do not uninstall `account_online_sync`, which is the previous module for online
```
Just a personal preference, but bold is fine as well ;)

     synchronization. The new one overrides it.

>    - By default **account_online_synchronization** is installed automatically with Accounting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - By default, `account_online_synchronization` is installed automatically with Accounting.
```

.. Note::

   - All previous synchronizations are disconnected during the installation and won't work anymore.

>      You can find them directly in the synchronization menu (:menuselection:` Configuration -->
>      Online Synchronization`). It is not possible to resynchronize these connections; you have to
>      make new ones.

Reviewer: The :menuselection: is broken
```suggestion
     You can find them directly in the synchronization menu (:menuselection:`Configuration -->
     Online Synchronization`). It is not possible to resynchronize these connections; you have to
     make new ones.
```

The process is not intended to work in real-time as third party providers synchronize your accounts
at different intervals. To force the synchronization and fetch the statements, go to your

> Accounting dashboard, and click on the :guilabel:`Synchronize Now` button. You can also synchronize

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Accounting Dashboard`, and click on the :guilabel:`Synchronize Now` button. You can also synchronize
```

> and fetch transactions through :menuselection:`Configuration --> Online Synchronization`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and fetch transactions through :menuselection:`Accounting Dashboard --> Configuration --> Accounting: Online Synchronization`.
```

The process is not intended to work in real-time as third party providers synchronize your accounts
at different intervals. To force the synchronization and fetch the statements, go to your
Accounting dashboard, and click on the :guilabel:`Synchronize Now` button. You can also synchronize
and fetch transactions through :menuselection:`Configuration --> Online Synchronization`.
Some providers only allow one refresh per day, so it is possible that clicking on
:guilabel:`Synchronize Now` does not get your latest transactions if you already performed such
action earlier in the day.

> A transaction can be visible on your bank account, but not be fetched if it has the status
> **Pending**. Only transactions with the **Posted** status will be retrieved. If it is not **Posted**
> yet, you will have to wait until the status changes.

Reviewer: Wouldn't those be guilabel? (I think the status appear on the app. Not sure about the last posted at all so I left it as ** **
```suggestion
A transaction can be visible on your bank account but not be fetched if it has the status
:guilabel:`Pending`. Only transactions with the :guilabel:`Posted` status will be retrieved. If the
transaction is not **Posted** yet, you will have to wait until the status changes.
```

---------------------------------

During your first synchronization, you selected the bank accounts you decided to synchronize with
Odoo. If you didn't synchronize any of your accounts, you can go to

> :menuselection:`Configuration --> Online Synchronization` to click on the :guilabel:`Fetch Accounts`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Accounting Dashboard --> Configuration --> Online Synchronization` to click on the :guilabel:`Fetch Accounts`
```

---------------------------------

During your first synchronization, you selected the bank accounts you decided to synchronize with

> Odoo. If you didn't synchronize any of your accounts, you can go to
> :menuselection:`Configuration --> Online Synchronization` to click on the
> :guilabel:`Fetch Accounts` button on the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo. If you didn't synchronize any of your accounts, you can go to :menuselection:`Configuration 
--> Online Synchronization` to click on the :guilabel:`Fetch Accounts` button on the connection.
```

How can I update my bank credentials?
-------------------------------------

> You can update your credentials by going to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Online
> Synchronization`,open the connection you want to update your credentials and click on the
> :guilabel:`Update Credentials` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can update your credentials by going to :menuselection:`Accounting Dashboard: Configuration --> Accounting: Online
Synchronization`, open the connection you want to update your credentials and click on the
:guilabel:`Update Credentials` button.
```
